---
layout: post
title: ArrowCorps 2014
date: 2014-04-15 23:16:49.000000000 -06:00
author: ian_bellows
---
<p>In the summer of 2011, nearly 100 Arrowmen, Scouts and volunteers came together for
ArrowCorps502, a weeklong conservation service project in Mount Rainier National Park and
the Mt. Baker-Snoqualmie National Forest. <!--more-->After seeing the success of the ArrowCorps5
projects in 2008, rangers from both agencies started asking us why there was no such project
here in the Pacific Northwest” said Ian Bellows, a project organizer from T’Kope Kwiskwis Lodge
#609.</p>

<p>Over three years of planning, a core group of youth and adults built a comprehensive
program methodology and working relationship with the NPS and NFS. The project was such
a great success, completing over 2500 hours of service at six sites, that even before the week
ended, planning for ArrowCorps2014 was underway.</p>
<p>From August 3-9, 2014, Scouts from around the nation will again converge on Mt. Rainier for a
week of brotherhood, cheerfulness and service. Based at Camp Sheppard in the shadow of the
mountain, trail crews will complete a variety of projects under the direction of land management
personnel and skilled youth and adult leaders. Participants will have the chance to learn
expedition leadership, trail skills, and wilderness ethics while immersing themselves in the story
of our national public lands. This exciting opportunity is open to all Arrowmen, Boy Scouts, and
Venturers meeting criteria for participation in high adventure activities. From the earliest Eagle
Scout trail crew projects in 1925 in to the projects of today, ArrowCorps2014 continues the rich
legacy of Scout service in one of America’s most iconic places.</p>
<p>Although demanding, there is a sense of fulfillment and accomplishment to be found in unselfish
service well done. The National Service Award the Lodge received for ArrowCorps502 was
just the beginning. “We’ve found that participants working together in an outdoor setting gain
self-confidence and leadership experience they can’t find anywhere else” explained Bellows.
“They come back better prepared to lead themselves and others in their families, schools, and
communities.” Others have found a sense of belonging in the wilderness, revisiting project sites,
hiking the 92-mile Wonderland Trail encircling the mountain, and even making a summit attempt
of the 14,411 foot peak. Whatever you’re seeking, you’ll find it and much more on the trail.
Challenge and opportunity await all ArrowCorps2014 attendees, and we hope to see you on the
mountain this summer.</p>
<p>For more information and to register, please visit <a href="www.arrowcorps2014.org">www.arrowcorps2014.org</a></p>
