---
layout: post
title: National Leadership Seminar
joomla_id: 215
joomla_url: nls-2015
date: 2015-03-29 17:33:38.000000000 -06:00
---
<h6>Written by Hayden Martois</h6>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>Have you been to an LLD and experienced the best leadership training your lodge has to offer? Perhaps you&rsquo;ve also gotten leadership training or experience through other Scout programs, or through your school or job. If so, the Order of the Arrow offers a perfect next step for you. It&rsquo;s a way for you to continue growing as a servant leader, and add to your toolbox of skills and knowledge. It is, quite simply, the best leadership training the OA has to offer. The National Leadership Seminar (NLS) is a weekend training program focusing on leadership development for youth and adults. Run by the Region Chief and a youth staff, it provides an in-depth look at leadership philosophies that are applicable not just in Scouting, but in any leadership situation you might find yourself in. The weekend format is designed to complement&mdash;and vastly improve upon&mdash;the Wood Badge and NYLT programs, so even if you&rsquo;ve taken those, NLS has a lot to offer you!T</p>
<p>There are several Seminars in the Western Region this year:</p>
<ul>
<li>October 9-11 at Ponderosa Conference Center in Larkspur, Colorado (near Denver)</li>
<li>November 20-22 at Camp Pigott in Snohomish, Washington (near Seattle)</li>
</ul>
<p>The cost is $165 for the first Seminars and $125 for the November NLS.</p>
<p>At all events, this fee includes lodging, food, and all materials for the weekend. These seminars represent the pinnacle of training offered by the OA, and the best instructors are brought in from all over the region to run them. The venues rotate, and each geographic area of the region is typically only served by an NLS once every two or three years. Take advantage of this opportunity! If you would like to contribute as a lodge-level leader or above -and you&rsquo;ve never been to one before&mdash; then the NLS can give you the tools and knowledge to excel in a those roles. We hope to see you at one soon!</p>
<p>Yours in Brotherhood,</p>
<p><strong>Dave Harrell</strong><br /> National Leadership Seminar Coordinator<br /> Western Region, Order of the Arrow, Boy Scouts of America<br /> Office: 813-854-7081<br /> Cell: 303-946-9820<br /> Email: <a href="mailto:David.1.Harrell@LMCO.com?Subject=Wester%20Region%20NLS" style="color: #000;">David.1.Harrell@LMCO.com</a></p>
