---
layout: post
title: "Prism 2016 Recap"
date: 2016-10-30 23:22
description: "In June of 2016 more than 1,300 arrowmen from all around the country travelled to the Summit Bechtel Reserve (SBR) in West Virginia"
author: micheal_swalberg
---

In June of 2016 more than 1,300 arrowmen from all around the country travelled to the Summit Bechtel Reserve (SBR) in West Virginia in search of an event that would not only help them capture a deeper understanding of what it means to be a part of the Order, but also as a chance to gain a taste of Jamboree 2017, which will be taking place at the same location. 8 separate, 4 day sessions provided participants with a once-in-a-lifetime Scouting experience.
<!--more-->

Each session began with an orientation that allowed participants to get to know one another and the location where they would be engaging in all sorts of awesome activities. This introduction to the Summit left each arrowman buzzing with excitement and anticipation as they braved the intense humidity during their hike back to their respective campsites.

In the morning breakfast was held in the main dining tent, which protected us from the rain and wind that is not uncommon at the SBR. When you walked out of the dining shelter you were entirely overwhelmed with a variety of activities to choose from. Biking, zip-lines, climbing, watersports, and the sustainability treehouse were just a few of the things that filled each participant’s day throughout their stay at Prism.

At various parts throughout the event each Scout was encouraged to take part in a short but very meaningful service project. Tyler Fine, the Prism service coordinator, was tasked with leading each project. “Participants worked together through their shared values to create three emergency escape trails, two anti-erosion walls and helped to beautify the Summit Circle. Although the service projects were short it is undeniable that they left a positive change on the [SBR].” Fine stated when speaking to Michael Swalberg, a member of the Prism Youth Leadership Team.

Towards the end of their stay at Prism, each session took part in a ceremony to rededicate the Summit Circle. This meaningful ceremony left participants with a deeper understanding of why they were all at the event and helped them to ponder how far they had come, and the distance that was yet to be conquered during their quest to live a life of brotherhood, cheerfulness, and service.

“My adventures at Prism 2016 showed promise and excitement for the 2017 National Jamboree at the Summit, as well as our second century of brotherhood, cheerfulness, and service in the Order of the Arrow.” stated youth participant, Nick Owen. Prism was one of many highlights of the jam-packed summer of 2016. Thank you to those who helped to organize this adventure for us all to enjoy, remember, and cherish.